c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\Pk0_EmptyWeb.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\Pk0_EmptyWeb.pdb
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\obj\Debug\Pk0_EmptyWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\obj\Debug\Pk0_EmptyWeb.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk0_EmptyWeb\Pk0_EmptyWeb\obj\Debug\Pk0_EmptyWeb.pdb
